oh I'm looking again
hi God I didn't I'm showing you how to
make down the head oh joy you'll be
lying
I'll make this cat dreams which one of
the people in half this will check it
and 403b
for a thing open it and baby take this
piece here and take it to the other
piece over there and then take this and
flip it over then you will take it and
roll until you get something like this
until it looks like a track then you're
gonna take it and pull it up open it and
then you will take this and for a play
organ
like this do it to the other side too
then you can you will see two flaps here
you will take one flap and fold it twice
one and two and fold a few pair is what
you did just and some just lumps I can
move on
no not mph this no no it's about the
science
you bring upon the size of their head
you are gonna fall for the cut well
besides you need to prepare the both
sides now you have something like this
so you're gonna do lose anything which
we did before
hold it tight up this whole place up
hold it right now you are going to take
this and you see two pockets at the left
and right side so you're going to tuck
them in
after you finish to kill them they look
like this so so then you see you have to
crush him and then it's like this at top
here it's like this and then just take
it and flip off and that's your ego or
in your car keep it down thank you for
watching please subscribe comment and
rate